Add instructions to set up GMT mirrors (#75)
GenericMappingTools/website: mirrors/index.rst

                           :alt: Oceania Mirror Status

.. |Europe_mirror_status| image:: https://img.shields.io/website?down_message=offline&label=%20&style=plastic&up_message=OK&url=http%3A%2F%2Feurope.generic-mapping-tools.org
                          :alt: Europea Mirror Status

Becomming a GMT mirror
----------------------

You can help out the GMT community by running a mirror of

> the GMT FTP site (~XX GB) and/or the GMT data server (~XX GB).

Author: @PaulWessel Can you give the estimated size of the FTP server and data server?

> the GMT FTP site (~XX GB) and/or the GMT data server (~XX GB).

Author: ```suggestion
the GMT FTP site (~20 GB) and/or the GMT data server (~60 GB).
```
